for the cane followed by a match
complicated difficult where the result to
end was unexpected and a sadness
because one can not find him
the result we try to give the best
but good are gusts that one has to
put the chest
I am 33 years old I have spent many things
in my life as for
so as not to put on his chest this is a fan
of the contagious club my teammates have
eager to reverse this if not
annoys those insults that you do not have to
understand the people who come half
hit that is hopeful in this
team and will finish a game
final that is that we are
explanations I do not tell you we're hurt
very hurt because reality we wanted
that ricardo starts the golden stage
winning as a local in the people is a
party
and the party like all the parties but
well we could not
It infects inside the court what
that come looking for let's continue
working as I tell you to put the chest
to this to accompany the leadership
that is making a great big effort
for maintaining this campus because
I knew growing you do not have to pay or
pay that the players are the ones
we entered the field and that there is
separate what football is what it is
the club you have to separate the leaders
of what football is we take care of
of our thing but good people
have peace of mind that you enjoy
growing in the results are going to go to
come because we 're going to if we're
working hard we will continue
working harder or we're going to try to
take out that plus we each have for
reverse this because I tell them the truth
that we are very sad and good this
to speak for me that I am
going through a more delicate moment because
I do not like to lose because I'm a fan of
club because it hurts more than more than
no one losing a game like that
lost
they have identified what the problem is
of soccer that is happening
lately you 're looking for football
how nice football is this that you can
lose at the last minute that you can
win as with the luck you had
because they had hit the stick they had
missed a penalty and if one goes with a
triumph perhaps opaque something that the
reality within the field was not that of
result because yes I think if today one
I saw the result of the team I think
I'm with short is he told me to take
the triumph but well we could not have
won with a little bit of that fortune that
one wants to have sometimes but good
escaped with as if he did not escape the two
previous matches must be done
charge of what we have been doing
working tomorrow getting back to training
that good of schoolboys and continue to follow
dreaming to continue with this with this
project hopefully we can reverse
17 dates are not that morning each
one goes home today in miami almost not
we play in temple and I have we have
to put the chest until June and see what
that what comes out we are still hopeful
we keep thinking positive because in
football is nice this you're
down and tomorrow can be up like this
that we are going to continue laburando